Pass the pyspelling spell check (#46)
canonical/ubuntu-packaging-guide: docs/reference/launchpad-text-markup.rst

    LP: #<LP-Bug-Number>[, #<LP-Bug-Number>]... 

> This pattern is case invariant, and the amount of white space can be variable, but if you place white space anywhere else, the regular expression used by Launchpad might not parse the bug reference correctly.

Reviewer: I would actually like to propose avoiding the use of the term whitespace/white space here completely. Blank space or something similar should be a decently understandable alternative. Whitespace goes against the inclusive language guidelines.

Author: Of course, good point. Thank you!

.. note::

>     This pattern is also commonly used outside of Launchpad e.g. on :term:`IRC`, in :term:`source package change logs <Change log>`

Reviewer 2: issue: The spelling "changelog" should be preferred, because it is a reference to the [`debian/changelog`](https://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/ch-source.html#debian-changelog-debian-changelog) file.

```suggestion
    This pattern is also commonly used outside of Launchpad e.g. on :term:`IRC`, in :term:`source package changelogs <Changelog>`
```

Author: We should then distinguish between the file name and what it contains. IOW, "the change log is in the `changelog` file".

Author: Or we could just be like other ppl and use changelog everywhere...

Reviewer: > We should then distinguish between the file name and what it contains. IOW, "the change log is in the `changelog` file".

At what point does common convention become the de facto standard? :grimacing: I'd have done the same as you, but I think we'd be fighting a losing battle lol. "changelog" is so widely used that it almost makes it more confusing to see it as two words. Almost.

Reviewer 2: I leave the decission up to you. Just wanted to raise awareness with you.

        | `#2 <https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/2>`_,
        | `#3 <https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/3>`_,
        | `#4 <https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/4>`_

>       - | the amount of :term:`white space <White space>` can be variable and

Reviewer 2: issue: If you change `<Whitespace>` to `<White space>`, the glossary entry has to be changed too.

Author: Ack.

                | Column 1   | Column 2 | Column 3    |
                |------------+----------+-------------|
                | Example    | table    | text        |
                | Example    | table    | text        |
                | Example    | table    | text        |

          - | \| Column 1 \| Column 2 \| Column 3 \|  
            | \|\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-+\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-+\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\|  
            | \| Example | table | text \|
            | \| Example | table | text \|
            | \| Example | table | text \|
        * - .. code:: text

                Here are two paragraphs with lots   
                of white space between them.
                
                
                
                
                But they're still just two paragraphs

          - | Here are two paragraphs with lots of white space between them.
            | 
            | But they're still just two paragraphs

URI addresses
-------------

Launchpad can recognise ``http``, ``https``, ``ftp``, ``sftp``, ``mailto``,

> ``news``, ``irc`` and ``jabber`` :term:`URI <URI>`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I agree with this change. URIs in this case is referring to a plural, which means that just having URI at the end reads a bit oddly.

Reviewer: (changing it to URI addresses would be acceptable to mirror the heading, but having an implied singular where the brain expects a plural looks incorrect and distracts from the content, especially if your reader is a pedant like me :D )

Author: OK, I'll add an exception for the plural.

.. list-table::

    * - Input
      - .. code:: text

            http://localhost/example/sample.html?a=b&b=a:

    * - Result
      - `http://localhost/example/sample.html?a=b&b=a <http://localhost/example/sample.html?a=b&b=a>`_:

.. list-table::

.. rst-class: spellexception::
    * - Input
      - .. code:: text

            http://localhost/example/sample.html?a=b&b=a:b;c@d_e%f~g#h,j!k-l+m$n*o'p

    * - Result
      - `http://localhost/example/sample.html?a=b&b=a:b;c@d_e%f~g#h,j!k-l+m$n*o'p <http://localhost/example/sample.html?a=b&b=a:b;c@d_e%f~g#h,j!k-l+m$n*o'p>`_

.. list-table::

    * - Input
      - .. code:: text

            http://www.example.com/test/example(parentheses).html

    * - Result
      - `http://www.example.com/test/example(parentheses).html <http://www.example.com/test/example(parentheses).html>`_

.. list-table::

    * - Input
      - .. code:: text

            http://www.example.com/test/example-dash.html

    * - Result
      - `http://www.example.com/test/example-dash.html <http://www.example.com/test/example-dash.html>`_

.. list-table::

    * - Input
      - .. code:: text

>             http://www.example.com/test/example_underscore.html

Reviewer 2: note: Probably makes sense to have unified style for the example urls, although I liked the searchtools test urls.

Author: * example.com is the de facto standard for examples, and searchtools.com returns an error.
* 'searchtools' is flagged by spellcheck :)
